vmui: add functionality to preserve selected columns (#7037)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmgateway](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgateway/): allow disabling `Bearer` prefix enforcement for authentication header. This is useful for cases when identity token is used instead of access token.
* FEATURE: [vmgateway](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgateway/): support parting `vm_access` claims in string format. This is useful for cases when identity provider does not support mapping claims to JSON format.
* FEATURE: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): Adds new metrics for data ingestion: `vm_rows_received_by_storage_total`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="nan_value"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="invalid_raw_metric_name"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="hourly_limit_exceeded"}`, `vm_rows_ignored_total{reason="daily_limit_exceeded"}`. See this [PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6663) for details.

> * FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add functionality to preserve selected columns across page reloads. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7016).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): keep selected columns in table view on page reloads. Before, selected columns were reset on each update. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7016).
```
